doc: add a sentence about REPLACEME in code changes (#25961)
nodejs/node: doc/guides/contributing/pull-requests.md

Any documentation you write (including code comments and API documentation)
should follow the [Style Guide](../../STYLE_GUIDE.md). Code samples included
in the API docs will also be checked when running `make lint` (or

> `vcbuild.bat lint` on Windows). If you are adding to or deprecating the API,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vcbuild.bat lint` on Windows). If you are adding to or deprecating an API,
```

> be sure to use `REPLACEME` for the version numbers as specified in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use `REPLACEME` for the version number as specified in
```
